it's time to name our healthcare hero of
the week he is an emergency and trauma
nurse from Jacobi Medical Center in the
Bronx New York say hello to TJ Riley hi
TJ I'm excited to meet you too and I
want to thank you for what you're doing
there I would imagine that in an
emergency room and the Bronx things are
already pretty crazy yeah it's very
crazy so on a usual day you know we may
see a gunshot wound a stab wound to
machete wound all types of things you
probably seen it have the machete wounds
have those gone down at least during
this time everything's gone down so like
the traumas that have gone down a lot so
even the surgeons in the hospital
they're treating Kovac virus isn't that
interesting so how many of your
coworkers are is the whole Hospital
really focused on corona virus right now
just everything we're trying to focus so
the whole hospitals focused on the
corona virus you know everything all the
units that we have they're all pretty
much coded 19 units so every and this I
find ok I know the answer but how many
of your co-workers have contracted the
virus about 6 60% so the first one yeah
how are your symptoms was it was it
difficult so yeah so I had a fever for
12 days nausea dizziness it was pretty
crazy when a nurse gets coronavirus who
takes care of you um so my husband Fred
took care of me um he was very good my
parents they drove from Staten Island to
a Long Island to deliver me a groceries
they were very nice to me
Wow you know they love you if they'll
drive from Staten Island to Long Island
that is true love and is it
and your parents contracted the virus as
well your your husband contracted the
virus is everyone okay now yeah
everyone's everyone's good so to be all
got through it with no problem so we did
a little bit of research on you and we
looked into some of your your likes and
no you're a music fan I'd like to
introduce you to somebody
his name is Dave say hello
[Laughter]
we both very much appreciate what you're
doing there TJ and so our friends at
life is good apparel company want to
send you $10,000 to spend however you
like they have a new line of merchandise
called teased for the times to help
spread optimism during this time and
they're gonna send gift packages to each
of the nurses in your department to
thank and honor them too so and Dave do
you have anything you'd like to share
with TJ right now hmm let me see I just
happen to have a guitar in my lap Oh
[Music]
everything anything
only thing I asked drawl you're the best
thank you so much Dave
you are I'd like to really teach you
thank you so much for everything that
you've done for so many people it's much
appreciated and Jimmy thanks for
honoring such brilliant people for doing
the right thing and and thank you for
fighting foo all the time Dave Grohl and
TJ thank you so much
be safe TJ take care keep doing the
space